Previously on Dexter...
[Angel]
For the official record.
this Captain Angel Batista.
I am collecting evidence
to prove that my that my former
colleague Dexter Morgan
is. in fact.
the Bay Harbor Butcher.
Stay away from me and my son.
You think I'm just
gonna back off?
[Charley] It's not just
that everything went sideways
when Red joined.
I-I don't have a good feeling.
What is this big theory.
Charley?
That he infiltrated our group...
Ronald Schmidt.
He prefers "Red."
- ...murdered Lowell...
- [screams]
- ...got Mia arrested...
- [grunts]
♪ exciting. suspenseful music ♪
- [siren wails]
- ...and orchestrated the fight
with Gareth that nearly
got him killed?
I know your secret.
You're a twin.
- [grunts]
- [groans]
[yelps]
Is that your big theory?
You need to trust me
and let me do my job.
- Then do your job.
- [Gigi] Hello. future students.
I will be your tour guide
this afternoon.
- I'm Gigi.
- You want to hang out sometime?
How about tonight?
♪
We found black mold
in his bedroom closet.
The landlord's
ignoring my calls.
I'll get to it when I get to it.
[Harrison]
I was trying to help Elsa.
talk some sense into
her asshole landlord.
Maybe I could talk to him.
I can be persuasive.
What the fuck? Don't kill me!
[Angel] Dexter's been in the
same location for over an hour.
[panting]
Out of my way. you cocksucker!
♪ tense. exciting music ♪
This is his kill room.
It's fresh.
I got here before
he could take it down.
Look. I'm not lying.
Dexter. he's smart.
Finds himself out of everything.
Miami Metro Homicide.
Lieutenant Quinn speaking.
I met your captain.
Angel Batista.
He was our captain.
but he retired.
He up and quit out of nowhere.
It was crazy.
Seriously. Dad.
thank you so much.
[Prater]
Red.
I didn't know you have a son.
♪
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
[Dexter]
No matter how hard I try to keep
my family life separate
from my darker needs.
the two just keep on colliding.
Leon Prater.
Um. yeah. I know.
[chuckles]
Uh. how do you two
know each other?
UrCar. Isn't that right. Red?
Yeah. I gave him a ride.
We just kind of hit it off.
That-that's crazy.
[chuckles]
I-I've watched every single one
of your TED Talks.
I especially love the one about
investing your life
in the things you love...
- Mm.
- ...not the things you need.
[Dexter]
The story of Prater's life.
That simple epiphany
changed who I am.
But Red didn't say
he had a son in town.
What do you do?
Are you in school?
[Harrison]
Uh. no. Uh. um...
I've-I've got day job
at the Empire Hotel.
Just-just a bellhop.
But. uh. I'm actually
planning on...
Yeah. he's got big dreams.
this kid.
Hey. Leon.
Mind if we have a word? Outside?
Of course. Red.
But let's make sure
you and. uh. I...
I-I... I didn't get your name.
- Harrison.
[Dexter]
Another step closer to the truth
about who I really am.
You guys should
come over to my place
after this gala is behind me.
and. uh. we can
get to know each other.
- I-I would love that.
- Great.
♪ dark. atmospheric music ♪
♪
[camera shutter clicking]
[Dexter]
I prefer it when my nemesis
doesn't have a henchman.
Or is it "henchperson"?
So. you're having me
followed now?
Now. Red.
I do not like surprises.
By the time someone has been
invited into my inner circle.
I usually know all about them.
but you are full of surprises.
[Dexter]
Oh. you have no idea.
You quit your IT job.
you moved from your apartment
without informing me.
Now I find out you have a son.
You fucking stay away
from my son.
[chuckles]
Whoa. Of course.
Wow. I would never get between
a father and son.
But I have to ask you...
...does Harrison know
who you really are?
What do you think?
I'm-I'm not sure about
anything with you. Red.
But you have my word.
I will not blow your cover
with Harrison.
Honestly. it's Charley
who is a bit concerned.
She has this bug up her ass
that you were the reason
why things
have gone wrong lately.
[scoffs]
You think I'm that stupid?
If I'd wanted to fuck
with your little gathering.
you never
would've seen me coming.
I understand.
But you have to learn
to trust me. Red.
Hmph.
I've shared more
of my personal history with you
than I have with anyone.
serial killer or not.
I don't know.
you just have this...
way about you
that's unlike the others...
...yet you live
in a shroud of secrecy.
I would like to schedule
a time for us to get together.
I want you to tell me
about your personal history.
I want to know about
your childhood. your parents.
Why you do what you do.
Call me curious.
And if you open up to me.
maybe I won't feel the need
to have you followed. will I?
Okay.
But again. my son is off-limits.
Trust...
...goes both ways.
You don't know
how happy you've made me. Red.
[laughs]
You're part of my world now.
♪ dark. exciting music ♪
[Dexter]
Part of his world?
- [car door closes]
- Bullshit.
I'm not part of his world.
And neither is my son.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Okay. you-you did not tell me
you know Leon Prater.
He's-he's got. like.
a nickname for you? Red?
Come on. We're leaving.
But we're not finished.
We need our bill.
Oh. Mr. Prater
already took care of it.
and he paid for a bottle
of dessert wine. too.
- It's very expensive.
- Don't want it.
♪ "Jump into the Fire"
by Harry Nilsson playing ♪
- Come on.
- What... Hey.
What is going on?
What are you doing?
I don't understand.
You have to trust me.
♪
I don't understand.
[Dexter sighs]
Why are you acting like this?
Is this. is this
about Leon Prater?
Did he threaten you?
♪ You can swim the sea... ♪
Seriously.
what the fuck going on?
You promised no more secrets.
Prater isn't
what he seems to be.
What are you talking about?
Prater has this type of club...
for serial killers.
What. he's...
he's a s-serial killer?
No.
[exhales]
He collects them.
What. so he collected you?
Not me. Dexter Morgan.
He thinks I'm Red Schmidt.
the serial killer the news
called the Dark Passenger.
That's why he calls you Red?
W-Why the fuck
does he think you're Red?
'Cause I found him. Red Schmidt.
when he was killing drivers
in the city.
That's why
you've been ride-sharing.
'Cause it's easier to hunt him.
Red hurt a friend of Blessing's
who showed me a video
of his near-death experience.
- and then I...
- Did what you do.
And afterwards. I found
an invitation in Red's backpack.
from Prater.
for "like-minded individuals."
And so I impersonated Red
to infiltrate the group.
That's how you found
Lady Vengeance.
She was part of the group?
Yeah.
♪ quiet. pensive music ♪
Okay. so-so you've been.
like. hanging out
with other serial killers.
Like-like who?
Did-did you do what you do
with any of them?
I took care of some of them.
Like who?
One of them called himself
the Tattoo Collector.
another who was called
the Gemini Killer.
The Gemini?
He-He's been
killing people for years.
and you just took care of him?
Them. Twins.
♪ pulsing. suspenseful music ♪
♪
- Come on.
- Yeah.
♪ fast. suspenseful music ♪
Wait. Th-This is like
what happened with Mom. Is...
You got too close
to the Trinity Killer.
and-and he murdered her.
He could've killed me.
Hey. You are safe.
This will all be over soon.
I promise.
Prater and Charley are
only concerned with me.
You have to trust me.
I've got this. I've got you.
I'm gonna head out.
in case someone is following me.
Are we gonna be okay?
Yes.
Just get to work.
I'll be in touch.
[train announcer] Stand clear
of the closing doors. please.
Fuck.
Watch your fucking mouth.
asshole. There's kids here.
♪ slow. somber music ♪
♪
Who the hell are you?
♪ dark. menacing music ♪
[monitor beeps]
[gunshot]
♪ slow. somber music ♪
[Lance]
Morning. dude.
You want to make some easy guap?
Buddy of mine's
hiring cater-waiters.
45 bucks an hour.
Abso-fucking-lutely.
Let's go.
What. uh. what part
of the city's it in?
East Side.
That Leon Prater guy's mansion.
[sighs]
Actually. um...
I-I just remembered
I-I can't make it.
Yo. you crazy?
It's gonna be a 12-hour day.
Plus. you get to cruise around
that Prater mansion.
- You do that.
- Let me know. bro.
Harrison.
I have been looking
all over for you.
There's a room service request.
For you.
For me?
1023.
[wheel squeaking softly]
[Harrison]
Room service.
♪ dark. pulsing music ♪
Put the food on the table.
♪
[lock clicks]
[sizzling]
[phone ringing]
[sniffles]
- Hey.
- Uh. hey. Dad.
Uh. Charley came by work today.
What?
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. no. I'm-I'm okay.
I'm just shook up.
Tell me exactly what happened.
[Harrison]
I got a. I got a...
room service request.
it was a late breakfast order.
Uh. so I-I brought it
to Charley's room.
[Dexter]
Wait. you were alone with her?
[Harrison]
Yeah.
You're Harrison. right?
Uh. yeah.
I was wondering.
why isn't your last name
"Schmidt"?
- What?
- Well. why don't you have
the same last name
as your dad Red?
♪ slow. menacing music ♪
Why "Morgan"?
She knows
you're Harrison Morgan?
Yep.
[Dexter] One step away
from Dexter Morgan.
How'd you explain
the different last name?
I-I kind of...
told her the truth.
Uh. what does it matter to you?
Well. when my boss Leon Prater
invites someone to his home.
I vet them.
This is me vetting.
♪ slow. suspenseful music ♪
You-you use a deluxe
hotel suite to vet people?
One of the perks of working
for a billionaire.
[silverware clinks]
Yum.
I love a late breakfast.
♪ melancholic music ♪
Uh. look. sorry.
I-I got to get back to work.
Oh. no. no. no.
you-you don't. Um...
I talked to your boss. Stefan.
He said you could stay with me
the rest of your shift
if I need it.
Sit.
[chair scrapes]
[Harrison exhales]
Now...
why is your last name "Morgan"?
I-I took my mom's last name.
Hannah. Hannah Morgan.
Uh. Red. uh. ditched us
when I was. like. five.
Never even a visit.
I didn't know where he lived
until I tracked him down here
in New York.
Tracked him down?
Red's a private guy.
You must be very resourceful.
Uh. he. uh.
he wrote my mother a letter.
postmarked from New York.
Then what?
Um...
Then she asked. um...
uh. when you a-abandoned me.
Hey.
I won't ever abandon you again.
I-I hear you. but...
the life you live. uh.
it's not entirely
your decision. is it?
[sighs]
So. what'd you tell Charley?
About me ditching you?
I grew up outside Chicago.
Uh. my mom moved around a lot
after Dad left.
Uh...
always had this. uh.
I don't know...
...empty spot
when it came to him.
I-I needed to find out
who he is.
help me figure out who I am.
Pretty disappointing to find out
that he's a middle-aged
rideshare driver.
[laughs]
Why-why'd she laugh?
The irony of the Dark Passenger
being a rideshare driver.
I guess.
Oh.
- She didn't know that.
- Nope.
Fuck.
Sorry.
I'm-I'm blowing your cover.
It's okay. How'd it all end?
Uh. she th-thanked me
for my candor
and asked for my number.
Your number?
Yeah. so she could let. uh.
she could let me know
when. uh. Prater could meet.
I tried to tell her no. but...
She's pretty persuasive.
Yeah. she's fucking scary
is what she is.
She tipped me a $50
and I got the hell out of there.
Did you take everything
with you?
What. like the breakfast setup?
Yes.
Uh. no.
She. um. she was still eating.
I took the cart.
Is that a-a problem? I...
S-She just. she was...
she kept asking me
all those questions.
and I-I know I-I kind
of told her the truth...
No. you did good.
That was smart.
The right amount of truth
helps sell a good lie.
It'd be better if you came
to stay with me for a few days.
They don't know where I live.
[Dexter]
Yet.
You-you think I'm in danger?
No.
But it'd be better for both
of us if you stayed with me
until I get a handle
on all of this.
When do you get off work?
Eight.
Great.
I'll call you a little later
with what to do next.
Okay.
[knocks on door]
Blessing?
What do you want?
I need to ask a favor.
I mean. I'll pay.
but it's still a favor.
A favor?
After you blew up my life
with your-your blabbermouth?
Look...
Normally. I'm the guy
who can keep a secret.
I should've kept
your history in confidence.
That's my bad.
I think the combination
of caring about
your and Joy's relationship
and getting stuck
with her needles
loosened my tongue a bit.
It was a mistake.
I'm so sorry. my friend. Huh?
I forgive you.
So...
what is this favor
you need from me?
Can you pick up
Harrison from work tonight?
He's gotten himself into
a little bit of. uh. trouble.
Say no more.
I'll treat Harrison
like he was my own family.
You remember Blessing?
- [Harrison over phone] Yeah.
- He'll pick you up after work.
take you straight to my place.
- Okay.
- But first.
can you look into
some hotel records for me?
♪ exciting. suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Dexter]
Charley served her country.
as did her mother before her.
She was a hero once.
Now she plays mind games
with my son for a rich asshole.
[Harry] That bitch
lifted prints from Harrison.
This is clearly a violation
of your goddamn deal
with Prater.
Harrison's never been arrested.
he doesn't have
a driver's license
and he spent
most of his life in Argentina.
Whatever print she lifted
will lead to a dead end.
- She's fucking with your son.
- [exhales sharply]
[Dexter]
Did that come with the house
or does Charley have
an aversion to stairs?
[monitor beeping]
♪ gentle. somber music ♪
Charley's mother.
She's taking care of her mother.
♪ slow. dark music ♪
[Harry]
You can't go soft on her
just because her mother's
in bad shape.
[whispers] Oh.
I'm not going soft on Charley.
[metal screeching]
♪ tense. atmospheric music ♪
[birds singing]
- Hi.
- I'll take these.
Your mother will love them.
[chimes]
[buckle clicks]
[Dexter]
Go ahead.
Take it out.
Put it on the passenger side
floor.
[exhales]
♪ slow. suspenseful music ♪
Point that pistol
anywhere near me
and I saw your fucking head off.
[panting]
[grunts]
What do you want?
I want you to drive.
[engine starts]
[Dexter breathing heavily]
I visited your home today.
Saw your mother.
Saw the pictures
of the two of you.
You both served your country.
You were even awarded
a Silver Star
while in Delta Force.
Special ops.
How'd you go from being a hero
to committing crimes for Prater?
- [chokes]
- Answer.
[panting]
I served all over the world...
[sniffles]
...and I worked
a few private security details.
which led me to Prater.
My mother got ill.
He found out about her.
Helped with doctors
and specialists.
Bought her eight more years.
so far.
But there was a cost.
Hunting down
serial killers like you
to join his sick-fuck club.
Is she okay?
D-Did you kill my mom?
That feeling you have?
The fear in the pit
of your belly?
♪ menacing. dark music ♪
That's exactly how I felt
when my son told me
about your visit.
the gun on the table.
Did...
you kill...
my mom?
You're asking if I looped
this very Gigli saw
around her neck and...
[whispering]
...cut off her head?
[grunts]
No.
That's not who I am.
[regular volume] And from
that medal. I know you're not
the type of person
who frightens innocent kids.
and yet. you chose
to scare my son.
to threaten him.
Do you think I do anything
that's not a direct order
from Prater?
That I can say no to the man
who's keeping my mom alive?
He told me what to do. specifically.
Book the hotel.
get Harrison alone.
Everything down to
the gun on the table.
- ♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
- Mr. Prater
exploits everyone's weaknesses.
Mine is my mother.
Yours is clearly your son.
[Dexter]
Prater broke the promise.
He's the one who needs
to be taken out.
Pull over.
Leave my son alone...
...or I'll pay your mother
another visit.
[grunts]
[panting]
♪ slow. atmospheric music ♪
It is a great fit
for Harrison's dad's description
of the Ripper's kill tool.
Who has access
to a tool like this?
I have looked into that.
The hook is used
by public workers
in the Department of Buildings.
the Department of Design
and Construction.
the Department
of Parks and Recreation...
I love that show.
Th...
The Department of Sanitation.
the New York City
Housing Authority
and select members
of the New York State
Public Service Commission.
- That's a fuck-ton of people.
- We might also
look into whether
any of the victims
of the New York Ripper
worked at any of these places.
So. the weapon
we're searching for
is actually a needle.
As in a "haystack"?
That is a good one.
- I saw that smile.
- Mm.
[Angel]
Detective Wallace?
You wanted to see me?
Well. this is actually
good timing.
I need a DMV plate search
to find someone...
I spoke with your coworker.
Lieutenant Quinn.
- I can explain.
- As can I.
You have been breaking New York
State Penal Law 190.26.
criminal impersonation
of a police officer
- in the first degree.
- A felony.
Look. I apologize
for not telling you
the whole truth earlier.
You are no longer
a captain of Homicide.
Yes. I retired.
But it was my decision.
I wasn't fired.
And I did it to bring
Dexter Morgan to justice.
I spoke with Mr. Morgan.
He convince you
he's one of the good guys?
No. He told me
about your history.
The tragic loss of your partner.
Detective Doakes.
also known
as the Bay Harbor Butcher.
And the murder of your ex-wife
María LaGuerta.
You have our condolences.
Dexter Morgan is a fucking liar.
So you did not lose
your former partner/ex-wife
in the line of duty?
No. I mean. yes.
I lost Doakes and María.
but you see...
Fuck!
This is what Dexter does.
He twists things out of context.
He's a-a master manipulator.
He lies and lies.
winning people over
with his goddamn
gee-whiz smile of his.
He burrows into your life
until he's the last person
you suspect of...
...of just about anything.
But I'm telling you.
Dexter Morgan is
the Bay Harbor Butcher.
You must cease and desist.
Captain. Go home.
- But...
- But nothing. If you are
still here tomorrow.
I will have you arrested.
Please consider yourself
sufficiently forewarned.
♪ slow. somber music ♪
Go to your hotel.
pack your things.
♪
[Angel sighs]
[sighs]
Miami Metro asked us to have you
surrender your shield.
[indistinct chatter]
♪
♪ dramatic. suspenseful music ♪
♪ dark. atmospheric music ♪
[woman speaking in distance]
[Dexter] Don't tell me Charley
figured out where I live.
[door creaks]
Hope I'm not bringing
a car key to a gunfight.
[Gigi]
What the fuck?
[sighs]
Harrison.
And. uh...
Gina?
Sorry. I thought someone
broke into my apartment.
[scoffs] Gigi.
Who's this Gina skank?
No. I got your name wrong.
I know. Mr. Morgan.
[chuckles]
Call me Dexter.
Uh. t-thanks for. um.
sending Blessing to pick us up.
That guy's got everything
you need in his ride.
I mean. everything.
[chuckles]
I-I figured you were out.
you know. ridesharing.
Thought you wouldn't mind
if Gigi came over.
Mi casa. su casa.
Harrison said you worked
in forensics back in the day?
For Homicide?
Guilty.
Gigi's actually thinking
about majoring
in criminal forensics.
Guilty.
Well. you know.
us forensics guys
do all the real work
in Homicide.
Dad helped put away. uh.
a lot of murderers.
Blood splatter analyst. right?
Uh. "spatter." but yeah.
Right. Spatter.
One of my professors said
blood spatter analysis
has been largely debunked.
Well. uh. Dad did most
of his work in the late 1900s.
[Dexter]
So much fun growing old.
Yeah. it's true.
blood spatter analysis
can be misused.
but in the right hands...
...it can tell quite a story.
Dad actually just helped
Detective Wallace
identify a potential
murder weapon
used by the New York Ripper.
just from looking at the spatter
from her lecture.
Color me impressed. Dexter.
[laughs softly]
So. what should we do tonight?
I think I have a deck of cards
around here.
- Um...
- [clears throat]
We-we were...
[Dexter] Ah. there is no "we"
for tonight.
I'll just. uh. straighten up
the kitchen.
[sighs]
[whispering]
You want to go to my place?
I'll let you finish
what you started.
Hey. Dad. um.
Gigi and I were thinking about
going to her place.
Is-is that cool?
Uh. go ahead. You'll be okay.
I'm gonna hit the bathroom.
Will that be okay?
[chuckles]
Are y... are you sure
I'm good to go?
I don't want to get Gigi
into any trouble.
Well. Prater and Charley
don't know where I live.
but they have zero idea
about Gigi or where she lives.
Plus. I had a little talk
with Charley earlier.
She won't be a problem anymore.
Did you...
No. Just a talk.
But when you get to Gigi's.
stay there.
DoorDash your meals. lie low.
Oh.
[soft clattering]
If you're spending
the night there.
you might want some...
protection.
- You know how to...
- Yep. Yeah.
I know how it works. Dad.
- ♪ gentle. quirky music ♪
- [laughs softly]
♪
And then he...
nicked me with it.
- With his Gigli saw?
- Mm.
Show me.
♪ dramatic. suspenseful music ♪
♪
No. I want... I want to see it.
[gasps softly]
That-That's amazing.
You survived an encounter
with the Dark Passenger. [gasps]
with an honest-to-God
serial killer. [chuckles]
- I could've been killed.
- Yeah. but you weren't.
We're dealing with
apex predators here. Charley.
You can't be surprised
when a lion bites.
Just what they do.
He was sending us a message.
Nah.
Me.
He was sending me a message.
And you...
you are the message.
Oh. had you been killed.
I would've had a big problem.
But you weren't. so I don't.
Eh. Red is growling to me
about his son.
but the real message here is...
"I'm still in charge."
The Dark Passenger is mine.
and more importantly.
he wants to continue
to play with us.
- I don't...
- How's your mother?
Medication's helping?
The new specialist?
♪ tense. offbeat music ♪
[phone ringing]
Oh.
Speak of the Devil.
[phone ringing]
Hello. Red.
Charley and I were just talking
about you.
It seems you put a bit
of a scare into my girl Friday.
Yeah. I was forced to make it
clear exactly how serious I am
about my son being off-limits.
Yeah. of course.
I think Charley was just being
a bit overzealous
in her. I don't know. vetting.
I assure you
it won't happen again.
So. what do I owe the pleasure
of this phone call?
I was thinking
about that conversation
you said you wanted to have.
about having no more surprises.
Except. of course. for the knife
I'm going to plunge
into your heart.
The sooner. the better.
Wonderful.
So. when do you want
to make this happen? Tonight?
I could carve out some time
tomorrow morning before my gala.
Uh. say. 10 a.m.?
Great.
Take the garage entrance.
though.
Use the elevator.
My place'll be busy.
but the penthouse
should be empty.
Oh. and cool
if it's just the two of us?
No offense. but I don't trust
Charley the way I trust you.
Of course.
I think after your little visit.
it's safe to say
the feeling's mutual.
Just me and you. no problem.
[doorbell ringing]
[buzzes. clicks]
Can I help you?
Yeah. I need to speak
with. uh. Mr. Leon Prater.
Have you got an appointment?
No. but I'm Miami...
Look. I have to talk with him
about a possible threat
to his life.
Yeah. okay. buddy. How about
you get the fuck out of here?
Look. I was a captain
in Miami Metro Homicide.
and I need to talk with him. now.
What you need to do is
step off Mr. Prater's property.
Remove your hand. rent-a-cop.
Now. I need to see him now.
Now I have...
- [grunts]
- Hey!
[grunting]
He's in danger!
♪ pulsing. dramatic music ♪
Why. exactly.
is my boss in danger?
Holy shit.
You three. leave.
[sighs softly]
Now tell him who you are.
I'm Captain Angel Batista.
Miami Metro PD.
Do you mind?
I'm curious
how you know this guy.
You mean Mr. Schmidt?
No. He...
[sighs] He's Dexter Morgan.
I worked with him for over 20
years in Miami Metro Homicide.
♪ slow. eerie music ♪
♪
[Dexter] In ancient times.
men would pray to their gods
to give them strength
before the hunt.
♪ "Gimme Danger" by
Iggy and The Stooges playing ♪
Problem was.
whatever gods they worshipped.
they were fickle.
couldn't be trusted.
Man's true strength
was their weapons.
iron and stone.
and their prowess at using them.
I put my trust in my blade.
♪ Give me danger.
little stranger ♪
♪ And I feel with you at ease ♪
♪ Give me danger.
little stranger ♪
♪ And I'll heal
your disease... ♪
[beeps]
[Dexter]
Red's last visit.
I'll miss the food.
but not the company.
♪ Memories ♪
♪ Kiss me
like the ocean breeze ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Now. if you will be my lover ♪
- [beeps]
- [elevator bell dings]
♪ I will shiver and sing ♪
♪ But if you can be my master ♪
♪ I will do anything ♪
♪ There's nothing left alive ♪
- [elevator bell dings]
- ♪ But a pair of glassy... ♪
[Dexter]
I must admit. times like this.
I wish for a god
I could pray to.
♪ Raise my feelings
one more time... ♪
Someone to give me
that extra armor.
Come in. Come in. my friend.
♪
♪ Hey. find a little stranger.
find a little stranger ♪
I've been looking forward
to this.
♪ Say you're gonna
feel my hand ♪
I thought. with everything
going on here today.
we should meet in my Vault.
More private.
Perfect.
♪ slow. eerie music ♪
And that way.
we can clear the air...
Dexter Morgan.
[clicks]
Stay cool. Stay very cool.
[Dexter]
Okay. I'll do it.
- Little help here. God?
- [patting legs]
[beeping]
[Prater]
Yes. Red...
I mean. Dexter...
I know exactly who you are.
[muffled grunting]
[Prater]
And I love it!
[laughs]
[Dexter]
Angel. you just couldn't let go.
and now. here you are.
Here we are.
You know...
I thought it was a bit odd
how you were so drawn
to the Bay Harbor Butcher's
blood slide box
when I first showed you
my collection.
But then. when your pal Batista
here told me...
- [Angel groans]
- ...who you really were...
[Angel groaning]
...suddenly.
boom. it all became clear.
[Angel groans]
Lowell didn't disappear.
Nah. Neither did Red.
- [Angel] Oh. f...
- You took 'em out. didn't you?
How'd you do it?
[scoffs]
What makes you think
I'd talk about that
in front of him?
Oh. right. [shushes]
[Angel groans]
I'm just so excited
to be talking
to the Bay Harbor Butcher.
The living.
breathing Bay Harbor Butcher.
And how you were able
to place all that blame
onto James Doakes.
But that... that must've
fucked with you
just a little bit. right?
That stolen valor of all
your kills going to Doakes?
What...
are we doing here?
Oh. Brr. Of course. [chuckles]
I have a proposal.
Charley. come on.
[sighs]
I would like to be your
benefactor. [chuckles softly]
Just like I did
with the Gemini Killer.
I-I will be your Medici
to your Bay Harbor Butcher.
Bay Harbor Butcher.
Just saying it out loud...
Bay Harbor Butcher. Just...
Oh. it gives me goosebumps.
[chuckles]
I have extensive files
on serial slayers
across the globe.
We can invite them here
to our little group.
Spend the week with them.
And then...
you do what you do.
Add them to your collection.
[Dexter]
Look at him. taking my idea.
And what's the plan for Angel?
[muffled grunting]
- Angel.
- [muffled groan]
Um...
That is...
the price of your admission.
- [gun clicks]
- Sir. let's not...
Charley... please.
[muffled groaning]
♪ slow. suspenseful music ♪
You want a front row seat
to see how
the Bay Harbor Butcher kills?
I must admit. I've always wanted
to see someone like you at work.
Oh.
Charley. give me the gun.
Come on... just...
It's embarrassing.
[Prater sighs]
- [muffled grunting]
- ♪ eerie music ♪
[loud. muffled grunting]
[Dexter] Angel Batista
has threatened my life.
my son's life.
Now that he's confirmed who I am
beyond a shadow of a doubt.
- he will never give up.
- [muffled screaming]
And rule number one is:
don't...
get...
caught.
We were partners once.
Maybe we can be partners again.
♪ energetic. dramatic music ♪
[Angel grunting]
This is for Doakes
and for María.
Your bullshit has to stop.
[Dexter]
So much for cooperation.
There's something poetic
about dying
at the hands
of my life-long friend.
[gunshots]
[panting]
[Charley grunts]
[grunts]
[panting] Fuck.
♪ slow. pensive music ♪
[Angel exhales sharply]
[Angel groans]
[Dexter] There's no coming
back from this.
No god that can save him.
[Angel breathing shallowly]
I need you to know.
I didn't kill María...
or Doakes.
I may be the Bay Harbor Butcher.
but I promise you.
I didn't kill them.
[quietly]
It was your fault.
And now I'm dying...
because of you.
- just like they did.
- [Dexter exhales]
[Angel wheezes softly]
I'm sorry.
[Angel breathes loudly]
Dexter Morgan...
...fuck you.
[quietly]
No.
[shuddering]
[screams]
♪ All around me
are familiar faces ♪
♪ Worn out places ♪
♪ Worn out faces ♪
♪ Bright and early
for their daily races ♪
♪ Going nowhere ♪
♪ Going nowhere... ♪
♪ Their tears are
filling up their glasses ♪
♪ No expression. no expression ♪
♪ Hide my head.
I want to drown my sorrow ♪
♪ No tomorrow ♪
♪ No tomorrow... ♪
♪ And I find it kind of funny ♪
♪ I find it kind of sad ♪
♪ The dreams
in which I'm dying ♪
♪ Are the best I've ever had ♪
♪ I find it hard to tell you ♪
♪ I find it hard to take ♪
♪ When people run in circles ♪
♪ It's a very. very ♪
♪ Mad world ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm